tus Android and I'm going to show you
how to clone pull more car on dime flash
card and hard to supercard light rumble
for so access that then I'm your note to
the DS lite with the flash cart
okay so once your
um how about mu tou all right just
proved you I'm in the club here's some
mail ok so after it's done communicating
or whatever a computer that can use as
to access it so we're going to go into
that card Pokemon down get the save file
copy it once again
put it back in your debt will have its
Pokemon back
ah
access it again okay we're going to move
dick so and put it in the same place if
you can move the hardware
okay so let's look on this same stats on
sep Pokemon file before I traded put it
back on there we go mu 2 mu to do this
or you want to do it yourself just send
me a message
you